TELCODOCS-2620: Core RDS 4.21 updates (#105204)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-core-cpu-partitioning-and-performance-tuning.adoc

* The irdma kernel module might result in the allocation of too many interrupt vectors on systems with high core counts.
To prevent this condition the reference configuration excludes this kernel module from loading through a kernel commandline argument in the `PerformanceProfile` resource.
Typically Core workloads do not require this kernel module.

> * To enable the acpi_idle CPUIdle driver (e.g. for Intel FlexRAN), add `intel_idle.max_cstate=0` to the `additionalKernelArgs` list in the `PerformanceProfile` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To enable the acpi_idle CPUIdle driver, for example, for Intel FlexRAN, add `intel_idle.max_cstate=0` to the `additionalKernelArgs` list in the `PerformanceProfile` resource.
```
